Okay so, we have a general plot structure and central narrative for what is now called Project Sweet Home, about how society passively tries to construct, protect, and coerce an idea of normalcy that isn't representative necessarily of how anything actually is, or anything that is actually helpful to the well being of the people living within it

Central plot is that the main characters live in a small midwestern town because we're writing what we know I guess and are approached to work with The Contractor who is completely undefined so far. The Contractor gives them magical power in exchange for them fighting magical beasties to help clear space for The Contractor to develop into, expanding on the town and improving the general quality of life there. Eventually, the protagonists meet The Bigfoot who is not a literal Bigfoot but rather is some other recognizable and preferably particularly weird cryptid, and The Bigfoot offers them a different approach to the situation that reveals what is being lost, and what is really being gained through the Contractor's efforts
The protagonists turn on the Contractor, and from that point forward are fighting against the Contractor's agents, and denied the town and thus the ability to rest and be passive
Then they punch The Contractor to death or something
It's a rough first take

Plot beats:
Ch. 1 - Player character (PC) receives magical powers - Fight
Ch. 2 - PC meets secondary protagonists, Contractor - Fight
Ch. 3 - PC experiences positive interactions with Contractor - Fight
Ch. 4 - PC character meets the Bigfoot - Fight
Ch. 5 - PC listens to the Bigfoot, betrays The Contractor - Fight
Ch. 6 - PC clashes with The Contractors minions, Contractor's true nature revealed - Fight
Ch. 7 - PC beats the Contractor? - Fight

Alternately, for 7, the Contractor disempowers the PC and allies. Additional chapters learning new powers offered through The Bigfoot.

Major themes are the way culture/capitalism attempts to smooth out subcultures and personality to fit within its own existing hierarchy and discourage change and innovation.
